Update mdm-migration.md (#21534)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/mdm-migration.md

# MDM migration

> This guide provides instructions for migrating your hosts away from your old MDM solution to Fleet.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions for migrating devices from your current MDM solution to Fleet.
```
